Gantt and FileManager: Change the Getting Started section, Describe concepts (#62)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 Widgets/File Manager/00 Getting Started with File Manager/20 Bind the File Manager Widget to a File System.md

Create a [file provider](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxFileManager/File_Providers/) that allows you to access and modify file systems.

[note]

> In this section, the object file system is used as a quick way to bind the **FileManager** widget to data. Refer to the [Bind to File Systems](/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/FileManager/Bind_to_File_Systems/) section for more information on supported file systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, the object file system is used to quickly to bind the **FileManager** widget to data. Refer to the [Bind to File Systems](/Documentation/Guide/Widgets/FileManager/Bind_to_File_Systems/) section for more information on supported file systems.
```

> To bind the **FileManager** widget to a hierarchical data structure, create an [Array](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxFileManager/File_Providers/Array/) file provider and assign the array of hierarchical JSON objects to the provider's [data](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxFileManager/File_Providers/Array/Configuration/#data) option. The Array file provider automatically binds data objects to the widget if the data objects have the default 'name', 'size', 'dateModified', etc. fields in its structure. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To bind the **FileManager** widget to a hierarchical data structure, create an [Array](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxFileManager/File_Providers/Array/) file provider and assign the array of hierarchical JSON objects to the provider's [data](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Widgets/dxFileManager/File_Providers/Array/Configuration/#data) option. The Array file provider automatically binds data objects to the widget if the data objects have the default 'name', 'size', 'dateModified', etc., fields in their structure. For example:
```
